We need to stabilize them
Take the gift and find a chance to slip away
Shanshan, look at Lu Yunxue, he is dead
You and Qianfang might as well get married
Although your status is noble
But the child can't lack a father
Yes, Shanshan
Marry me if you don't mind
I just wanted to rely on my children to cheat some money
I didn't expect to be able to marry into a wealthy family now
Make a lot of money now
nanny
Qianfeng, since you are willing to accept me
I would definitely like to marry Qianfeng
Really, Shanshan
Great, if you marry us, Qianfan?
That is 8 times the blessing that our Yang family has cultivated.
Are these the two children born to my sister?
That's right, let Senior Mo see the joke
Back then, a gentleman said that this village was very productive
As a result, the two children did not have a son
It's bad luck.
I don't mind if the striker is married twice
But my child is of Protoss Luo family descent
Noble status
Stay with these two kids
What if you bump it?
All right, Vanguard, throw him out.
Okay, Mom, I'm coming